# STOMPBOX Web Client

This client is used on [https://zendrumstudio.com](https://zendrumstudio.com) for editing and interfacing with the [Zendrum STOMPBOX](http://zendrum.com)

It makes use of Web MIDI and SysEx and therefore must be served via HTTPS.

## Requirements
* node `^8.0.0`
* yarn `^0.27.0` or npm `^5.0.0`

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn  # Can also use `npm install` if you prefer
```

## Running the Project

```bash
$ yarn start  # Or `npm start`
```

Additional scripts available:

|`yarn <script>`    |Description|
|-------------------|-----------|
|`start`            |Serves your app at `localhost:8000`|
|`build`            |Builds the application to ./dist|
|`test`             |Runs unit tests with Karma
|`test:watch`       |Runs `test` in watch mode to re-run tests when changed|
|`lint`             |Lints the project for potential errors|
|`lint:fix`         |Lints the project and fixes all correctable errors

## Live Development

### Hot Reloading

Hot reloading is enabled by default when the application is running in development mode (`yarn start`).

### Redux DevTools

**It's recommended that you use the [Redux DevTools Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd).**
It comes with several of the most popular monitors, is easy to configure, filters actions, and doesn't require installing any packages in your project.

## Routing
We use `react-router` [route definitions](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/blob/v3/docs/API.md#plainroute) (`<route>/index.js`) to define units of logic within our application. See the [project structure](#project-structure) section for more information.

## Testing
To add a unit test, create a `.spec.js` file anywhere inside of `./tests`. Karma and webpack will automatically find these files, and Mocha and Chai will be available within your test without the need to import them. Here are a few important plugins and packages available to you during testing:

## Deployment

Out of the box, this starter kit is deployable by serving the `./dist` folder generated by `yarn build`. This project does not concern itself with the details of server-side rendering or API structure, since that demands a more opinionated structure that makes it difficult to extend the starter kit. The simplest deployment strategy is a [static deployment](#static-deployments).

### Static Deployments

Serve the application with a web server such as nginx by pointing it at your `./dist` folder. Make sure to direct incoming route requests to the root `./dist/index.html` file so that the client application will be loaded; react-router will take care of the rest. If you are unsure of how to do this, you might find [this documentation](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router/blob/master/docs/guides/Histories.md#configuring-your-server) helpful. The Express server that comes with the starter kit is able to be extended to serve as an API and more, but is not required for a static deployment.
